How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store.
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around.
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something.
Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark?” I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian.
When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there.
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish.
A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, “I don’t know. It all happened so fast.”
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
We all know about Murphy’s Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage.
When does a joke become a “dad joke”? When it becomes apparent.
I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me in tires and roll me down hills. Those were Goodyears.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over people’s heads.
The bank keeps calling me to give me compliments. They say I have an “outstanding balance.”
What is the most popular fish in the ocean? A starfish.
Barbers…you have to take your hat off to them.
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner’s on me.
Did you hear about the surgeon who enjoyed performing quick surgeries on insects? He did one on the fly.
What’s a vampire’s favorite ship? A blood vessel.
There’s only one thing I can’t deal with, and that’s a deck of cards glued together.
The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad.
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up.
Daughter: I have a lot of friends named Nathan. There’s Nathan Miller, Nathan Radcliff, Nathan Lewis… Me: When they are together, do you call them the United Nathans?
What’s the least-spoken language in the world? Sign language.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find were 6,000 matches.
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession.
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom!
I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor.
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream.
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watchdogs.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh.
Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato.
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades.
What is the Easter bunny’s favorite type of music? Hip-hop.
A friend of mine is known for sweeping girls off their feet. He’s an extremely aggressive janitor.
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea.
My son’s fourth birthday was today. When he came to see me, I didn’t recognize him at first. I had never seen him be four.
I recently went to the “World’s Tiniest Wind Turbine” exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan.
I was out on a walk when I saw a sign that said, “Man wanted for robbery.” So I went in and applied for the job.
How long should socks be? Twelve inches, so you can fit in one foot.
Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu?
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
I’m reading a novel where the main character has strained the muscles around his spine. That’s his back story.
My doctor told me I’ve really grown as a person. Well, her exact words were that I “gained excess weight.”
What do you call someone who always states the obvious? Someone who always states the obvious.
Scientists have discovered what is believed to be the world’s largest bedsheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
3.14 percent of sailors are pi-rates.
You can’t plant flowers if you haven’t botany.
What did the French chef give his wife for Valentine’s Day? A hug and a quiche.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here,” the bartender says. “Why not?” one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured.”
A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. “I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please,” it says. “Sorry, but I can’t serve you,” the bartender replies. “You’re out of your head.”
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel?” The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head!”
A guy walks into a bar, and there’s a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, “What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before?” The guy says, “It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.”
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach…”
What did one DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat?”
What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A large fortune.
How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? Eclipse it.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point.
Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool.” Johnny: “So, what are the words?”
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house, but the kids still get in.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What do Bostonians call a fake noodle? An impasta.
A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people: the student, his mama, and his pauper.
My son has his BA and his MA, but his P­A still supports him.
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal.
What does “idk” stand for? Everyone I ask says, “I don’t know.”
Why was the pig covered in ink? Because it lived in a pen.
Did you hear about the guy who stole 50 cartons of hand sanitizer? They couldn’t prosecute—his hands were clean.
Why was the rookie police officer assigned to hunt the cannibal? The more seasoned officers had already been eaten.
What do you call a snitching scientist? A lab rat.
What’s the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire.
It’s a shame that the Beatles didn’t make the submarine in that song green. That would’ve been sublime.
Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
What did the skeleton order with its beer? A mop.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
How much do I love crunchy tacos? From my head tomatoes.
What kind of spells do leprechauns use? Lucky Charms.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
My IQ test results came back. They were negative.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze?
If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? Missile toe.
My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean.
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right.
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you?
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him.
Can February March? No, but April May.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two…
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell check.
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
I began to read a horror novel in braille. Something bad is about to happen—I can feel it.
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
My friend wants to become an archaeologist, but I’m trying to put him off. I’m convinced his life will be in ruins.
I got hit in the head with a can of Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink.
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
A steak pun is a rare medium done well.
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
My dog accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. I think this could spell disaster.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll try a grape.
Armed robbers—some say they’re a drain on society, but you’ve got to give it to them.
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat.
I know a surgeon who puts organs back in upside down. I told him that’s not funny, but he said it was an inside joke.
My girlfriend says it’s either her or my career as a news reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
Inflation is really getting out of hand, but that’s just my five cents.
I can guess what people do for a living just by looking at their hands. I mean, I’m usually wrong, but I can guess.
I’ve been breeding racing deer. Just trying to make a quick buck.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb? Two: One to screw it in most of the way and another to give it a surprise twist at the end.
My dentist offered me dentures for only a dollar. It sounded like a good deal at the time, but now I have buck teeth.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish.
My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
When a toddler reaches the "why?" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
You can't spell par entry without "try."
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Can February March? No, but April May!
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What do houses wear? An address.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
"Did you get your haircut?" No, I got them all cut.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.