If you were in a circus, which character would you be?
What is the worst advice you have given?
What is one thing you should never say at a wedding?
What is the worst pickup line you have ever heard?
If you could only store one type of food in your pocket, what would you carry?
What is the worst present you have ever received and why?
If you were a farm animal, which would you be and why?
What is the worst first date you have ever been on?
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?
What is the best part about taking a selfie?
What is your favorite celebrity scandal?
If you could do anything illegal without getting caught, what would you do?
What is the weirdest food combination you’ve ever tried?
Did you have an imaginary friend? What was his/her name?
Have you ever had a dream where everyone was in their underwear?
Who’s your favorite comedian?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
If you could make up a school subject, what would it be?
What is your very favorite letter of the alphabet? Why?
If someone gave you 20 dollars, what would you buy with it?
If you had a chance to eat dessert for breakfast every day, what dessert would you choose?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
Which animal at the zoo do you like best?
If your friend is sad, what do you do to make them feel better?
If you had the opportunity to invent a new ice cream flavor, what would it be?
What is the silliest thing someone has ever said to you?
What’s your idea of a perfect playground?
What’s your favorite word?
Would you switch roles with your parent if you had the chance?
When was the last time you used the words “thank you”?
If you had a robot for the entire day, what would you ask it to do?
Do you prefer cold weather or hot weather?
If you never had to eat one vegetable, which would it be?
What was the last thing that made you smile?
What is your favorite part about school? Your least favorite?
How do you make friends?
Who makes you laugh the most?
What do you most like about yourself?
What hurts your feelings?
If you could be famous, would you want to? Why?
Who is a celebrity you admire?
What made you laugh at school today?
Did anything make you upset today?
If you could have more friends, would you?
What do you like most about your friends?
Is there anyone at school you’d like to know better?
Have you ever lost a friend? Why?
Where do you want to be ten years from now?
If you had $100, what would you spend it on?
Is there something you’d want to do as a family?
If you were to choose one way to be disciplined, what would it be?
What do you think are the best traits for a person to have?
Would you ever get a tattoo? What would it be?
What do you think is a good age to start dating?
Why do you think popular kids are popular?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you choose and why?
What is something you wish you could do everyday?
What are the top three things on your bucket list?
How do you think you will die?
What has been the lowest point of your life?
If you could ask for a miracle, what would it be?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What is the biggest risk you’ve ever taken?
What would your ideal life look like?
If someone gave you an envelope with your death date inside of it, would you open it?
When have you been the most happy?
Do you know anyone who is living their life to the fullest?
What is your idea of the perfect day?
Who has been the most influential person in your life and why?
What book had a big influence on you?
Do you think your priorities have changed since you were younger?
What is the most memorable lesson you learned from your parents?
What does success mean to you?
What is the most difficult thing you’ve ever done?
What scares you most about your future?
What keeps you up at night?
If you could have dinner with anyone living or not, who would it be?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What is the silliest thing you’ve posted online?
What was your worst wardrobe mistake?
What is the best restaurant you’ve been to?
What is your favorite kitchen smell?
When you die, what do you want to be reincarnated as?
What is your favorite guilty pleasure TV show?
What was your worst “foot in mouth” moment?
Who would you swap lives with for a day?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is the strangest gift you have ever received?
What is the funniest gift you have ever given?
What are three fun facts about yourself?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
Would you rather be invisible or have X-ray vision?
If you could only save one item from a house fire, what would it be?
What is the one food you could eat for the rest of your life?
How do you know (person hosting dinner)?
If you won the lottery, what would be your first big splurge?
What’s one movie you could watch over and over?
Where’s the most exotic place you’ve ever been?
If you could have picked your own name, what would it be?
What time period would you travel to?
What is one thing you can’t live without?
What is your least favorite chore?
What is your earliest memory?
Who are you most thankful for and why?
Where do you want to go on the next family vacation?
What’s the nicest thing a family member has ever done for you?
What was the biggest punishment you’ve ever received?
If you could describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What would be the first thing you would do if you traded places with your family member?
What instrument would you like to play?
If you could get all your family members to donate to a charity, what would it be and why?
Would you want to live on a boat, a mountain or an island?
What makes you most proud?
What three things are you most grateful for?
Who do you count on the most for help?
What would make you (if parent) most upset? A tattoo, a nose ring or a bad boyfriend/girlfriend?
What would be your ideal day?
What makes you the happiest?
If you could spend an entire day with a family member, who would it be and why?
If you could be an animal, what would it be and why?
If you could be any age, what age would you choose?
What’s one thing you’ve won and how did you win it?
What did you think was the most challenging part of being a kid?
When is the last time you laughed so hard that you cried?
How long can you go without checking your phone?
Have you ever really kept a New Year’s resolution?
What bad habits do you wish you could stop?
Do you have a morning ritual?
Have you ever been stalked on social media?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
Are you a jealous person?
Do you prefer polaroid or digital cameras?
If someone offered to tell you your future, would you accept it?
Who’s your biggest hero?
Have you ever stolen anything?
If you were to remove one social media app from your phone, which would it be and why?
If you could have tea with a fictional character, who would that be?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
If you could sit down with your 13-year old self, what would you say?
If you could only pack one thing for a trip (besides clothing) what would it be?
What makes you really angry?
What is your spirit animal?
What would be the title of your memoire?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
What would your theme song be if you had your own show?
What bores you?
What would you do if you were home alone and the power went out?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
If your plane was going down, who would you would call?
What would your rock band group be called?
Are there any household chores you secretly enjoy? Which ones — and why?
Are there any laws or social rules that completely baffle you?
Are you a starter or a finisher?
Are you afraid of flying in airplanes? (How come?)
Are you living your life purpose — or still searching?
Are you useful in a crisis?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
Can you tell when someone is telling the truth?
Do you believe in magic? When have you felt it?
Do you believe that everyone deserves forgiveness?
Do you believe that people deserve to be happy?
Do you ever hunt for answers or omens in dreams?
Do you ever yearn for your life, before Facebook?
Do you have a morning ritual?
Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?
Do you have any irrational fears?
Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?
Do you have any physical features that you try to cloak or hide? How come?
Do you like to be saved — or do the saving?
Do you secretly miss Polaroid cameras?
Do you think everyone has the capacity to be a leader?
Do you think we should live like we’re dying?
Do you think we’re designed for monogamy? (Why or why not?)
Do you think you’re currently operating at 100% capacity?
Ever fantasize about being in a rock band? What would your group be called?
Has a teacher ever changed your life? How so?
Have you ever (actually) kept a New Year’s Resolution?
Have you ever been genuinely afraid for your physical safety?
Have you ever dreamed about starting a business? (Or if you’ve already got one — a new business?)
Have you ever fantasized about changing your first name? To what?
Have you ever fantasized about writing an advice column? What’s the first question you’d like to answer?
Have you ever had a psychic reading? Did you believe it? Was it accurate?
Have you ever had to make a public apology? (How come?)
Have you ever met one of your heroes?
Have you ever met someone who was genuinely evil?
Have you ever pushed your body further than you dreamed possible?
Have you ever screamed at someone? (How come?)
Have you ever set two friends up on a date? (How did it go?)
Have you ever stolen anything? (Money, candy, hearts, time?)
Have you ever unplugged from the Internet for more than a week?
Have you ever won an award? What was it for?
How do you engage with panhandlers on the street?
How do you reign in self-critical voices?
How long can you go without checking your emails or texts?
How would you fix the economy?
If a mysterious benefactor wrote you a check for $5,000 and said, “Help me solve a problem — any problem!” … what would you do with him or her?
If social media didn’t exist, how would your life be different?
If you could choose your own life obstacles, would you keep the ones you have?
If you could custom blend a perfume or cologne, what would it include?
If you could enroll in a PhD program, with your tuition paid in full by a mysterious benefactor, what would you study — and why?
If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?
If you could master any instrument on earth, what would it be?
If you could save one endangered species from extinction, which would you choose?
If you could sit down with your 15-year old self, what would you tell him or her?
If you had an extra $100 to spend on yourself every week, what would you do?
If you were heading out on a road trip right this minute, what would you pack?
If you were searching through an online dating website, what’s the #1 quality / trait that would attract you to someone’s profile?
If you were to die three hours from now, what would you regret most?
If you wrote romance novels or erotic fiction, what would your “pen name” be?
Is there something that people consistently ask you for help with? What is it?
Is war a necessary evil?
What are you an expert on? Is it because of training, lived experience, or both?
What are you bored of?
What are you devoted to creating, in the New Year?
What are you freakishly good at?
What are you starving for?
What do you value most: free time, recognition, or money?
If you could spend one day as an animal, which animal would you be, and why?
What was the best kiss of your entire life?
What was the best part of your day, so far?
What was the most agonizing hour of your life?
What was your proudest moment from the past twelve months?
What was your very first job?
What was your worst haircut / hairstyle of all time?
What’s going to be carved on your (hypothetical) tombstone?
What’s in your fridge, right this moment?
What’s in your pocket (or purse, or man-purse) right now?
What’s one dream that you’ve tucked away for the moment? How come?
What’s one mistake you keep repeating (and repeating)?
What’s one thing you’re deeply proud of — but would never put on your résumé?
What’s something you’ve tried, that you’ll never, ever try again?
What’s the best birthday cake you ever ate?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
What’s the hardest thing you ever had to write — and why?
What’s the last book that you couldn’t put down?
What’s the most out-of-character choice you’ve ever made?
What’s the strangest date you’ve ever been on?
What’s the title of your future memoir?
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
What’s your definition of an ideal houseguest?
What’s your guiltiest of guilty pleasures?
What’s your most urgent priority for the rest of the year?
What’s your personal anthem or theme song?
What’s your recipe for recuperating from extreme heartbreak?
When was the last time you astonished yourself?
When was the last time you got stuck in a rut? How did you get out of it?
When was the last time you saw an animal in the wild?
When you see peers / competitors getting things you want, how do you react?
Where & when do you get your best ideas?
Who is the last person that deeply disappointed you? (What happened?)
Would you consider yourself an introvert, extrovert, or ambivert?
Would you like to write a book? (About what?)
Would you rather be a lonely genius, or a sociable idiot?
Would you rather have a live-in massage therapist, or a live-in chef?
Would you rather have an extra $200 a day, or an extra 2 hours a day?
What are you most grateful for, right now, in this moment?
If you had just 24 hours to live, what would you want to do with your time?
Which scent do you find the most soothing? 
What is a language you love to listen to even if you don’t speak or understand it?
Oceans or mountains? Why? 
Describe the most captivating painting or artwork you’ve ever seen.
Do you remember the first novel you ever read? If so, what was it?   
What is your favorite thing about your personality? 
If you could have a fictional superhero for a best friend, who would it be? 
What color would you choose to describe yourself? 
What is something you have accomplished as an adult that your younger self would be proud of? 
Is there a place in the world that you feel most represents who you are?
Where is one place you’d love to travel to again? 
If your pet could talk, what would their voice sound like? What would they say about you?
What does your name mean?
What tasks make you feel like your best self?
What’s your Enneagram number and how does it influence your self-care practices?
Where do you feel most centered and happy?
What’s your favorite comfort food?
What do you wear when you’re feeling your very best, and why?
What is the best meal you’ve ever had, and what’s the best meal you’ve ever cooked for yourself?
What do you love most about your home?
Do you know your astrology sign? How about your birth chart?
How are you consciously practicing sustainability?
Do you have any tattoos?
Scuba diving or skydiving?
What are you most grateful for in this season of life?
Do you give back or volunteer with any organizations?
What’s your favorite language?
What do you look for and need in your friendships?
How do you feel that you best offer love and support to your friends?
Tell about your childhood best friend.
When do you feel most authentically yourself?
What's one form of self-expression you've been too hesitant to explore?
Do you have any recurring dreams? If so, what do you think they are trying to tell you? 
Who do you most admire, and how has that impacted the way you live your life?
What’s one thing you’d tell yourself at my age? What’s one thing your younger self would tell you?
What do you wish you’d known before having kids? 
What was the first big purchase you made as an adult?
How did you know when you fell in love?
Have you kept any memorabilia from your childhood?
What do you miss most about being a child? A teenager? My age?
What about the current world would be most surprising to your younger self?
If you could travel back in time, which part of your life would you go back to?
Who did you vote for in past elections? Why?
What are some of your favorite memories about your parents? 
If you could have one cartoon character be your real-life best friend, who would you choose and why?
What’s your earliest memory?
What do you love most about school? 
Who are your best friends?
What is your favorite season?
What superpower do you wish you had?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
If you could have any animal as a pet, which would you choose and why? 
What does a perfect day with the family look like?
What do you love most about our house?
How do you feel best supported in hard times?
Dogs or cats (or rabbits)?
What do you wish people better understood about you? 
What lessons from your childhood have most impacted your worldview?
If you could live in another country for a year (no strings attached), where would you go?
What small joys bring light to your day?
What accomplishments are you most proud of?
What projects are you working on right now that bring you joy?
How do you unwind after work?
How are you truly doing?
What’s one act of kindness you experienced today?
What do you do for enjoyment?
Do you recharge by being around other people or by spending time alone?
If you had a day to yourself, what would it look like, where would you go, and what would you do?
What is the compliment you receive most often?
Do you collect anything?
What was the last movie you watched? 
What’s one thing your loved ones would be surprised to learn about you?
If you woke up one morning and all your problems were solved, how would go about your day?