When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Do you have any fetishes?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What's the most drunk you've ever been?
Have you ever broken the law?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest insecurity?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
Have you ever had a run in with the law?
What's your worst habit?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
What's the strangest dream you've had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn't have?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What's your biggest regret?
What's the biggest misconception about you?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
What's the most trouble you've been in?
After You've Dropped A Piece Of Food, What's The Longest Time You've Left It On The Ground And Then Ate It?
Do You Ever Talk To Yourself In The Mirror?
Who Is Your Secret Crush?
What Is The Craziest Pickup Line That You Have Used?
Tell This Place Something You Don’t Want Us To Know.
What Is The Stupidest Thing You Have Ever Done
Have you ever eaten your own boogers?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without brushing your teeth?
Who would you hate to see naked?
If you woke up as the opposite sex for one day, what would you do?
Have you ever faked being sick to avoid a commitment like school or work?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever witnessed in person?
Tell us about a hookup you would rather forget happened.
Have you ever stolen something? What was your strategy?
What was the weirdest thing you ever ate but pretended to enjoy?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Tell your worst hangover story.
Would you rather date someone 20 years older or 20 years younger, and why?
Did you have an imaginary friend when you were a child? What were they like?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
What celebrity would you want to get trapped on an island with?
What’s the largest amount of food you’ve eaten all at once?
Have you ever purposely made someone cry? Tell us your motives.
What’s the awkwardest thing that’s happened to you when hooking up with someone?
Did you sleep in your parent’s bed growing up? How old were you when you stopped?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done to impress a crush?
What do you think about while sitting on the toilet?
Have you ever had a major wardrobe malfunction in public?
If you could read minds, how would you use the gift?
Have you ever farted and blamed someone else?
Have you ever accidentally walked into the wrong bathroom?
Do you pick your nose when you’re alone?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever peed your pants in public?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal at night?
Who is the strangest person you’ve pleasured yourself to?
How often do you change your sheets?
What’s the worst pick up line you’ve used while trying to attract someone’s attention.
Do you smell your farts?
What’s the strangest nickname you’ve ever been given?
If you had to make out with a Disney character, who would you pick?
What’s the cringiest trend you’ve participated in?
What “As Seen on TV” product do you secretly want to buy or have bought?
Tell us a story about the stupidest thing you’ve ever done while drunk.
Did you ever sneak out of the house when you were younger?
Did you drink before you reached the legal drinking age?
Have you ever done drugs?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
What is your most embarrassing habit?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
Have you ever accidentally walked into a wall?
Do you talk to yourself sometimes?
Is there anything in your web history you would be embarrassed about someone seeing?
Do you have any weird habits when you sleep?
Do you have a type?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told?
Out of the people you have dated, who were you most attracted to?
Who gave you your biggest heartbreak?
What’s your all-time favorite song to jam out to?
How would you rate your appearance on a scale of 1-10?
Do you think that you and your current partner will ever get married?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Who is your favorite family member?
Would you ever join the military?
What is your biggest weakness?
What is your biggest strength?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you?
What’s your favorite TV show?
What’s your favorite game to play?
If you were to have a superpower, which would you choose?
How much do you value money?
If you could only be one, would you rather be successful or beautiful?
How do you envision success?
What’s your dream job?
What’s your biggest fear?
Do you have any phobias?
What’s your drink of choice?
Tell us about the drunkest you’ve ever been.
Who do you like more, your mom or your dad?
What’s your biggest regret?
Have you ever regretted posting something on social media?
What has been your proudest moment in life so far?
What day was the happiest of your life so far?
If you could go to dinner with any three people in history, dead or alive, who would you pick?
If you could relive a year of your life, which would you pick?
If you were going to die tomorrow, how would you spend today?
If you won a million dollars, what’s the first thing you would spend it on?
If you had the option of knowing when you would die and how, would you want to know? Why or why not?
What children’s movies do you still enjoy?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
Which phone app do you spend the most time on?
What’s the most painful injury you’ve ever gotten?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone?
How would you spend a day home alone?
Do you save things you cherished as a child?
If your house was on fire and you had the time to take one thing with you before you leave, what would you grab?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Have you ever had lice?
What is your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What’s your favorite type of food?
What’s your death row meal?
Who is your biggest role model?
Who is your favorite person to spend time with?
Have you ever had a crush on one of your teachers?
Where are you, ticklish?
What do you think is your best physical feature?
Have you ever cheated on a test in school?
Who is your guy celebrity crush?
Who is your girl celebrity crush?
Are you superstitious?
Do you believe in karma?
Do you believe in a higher power?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in fate?
Where is the coolest place you’ve ever traveled to?
What’s the strangest food combination you love?
What movie never fails to make you cry?
Have you ever been arrested or almost been arrested?
If you were famous, what would you want it to be for?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What do you feel passionate about?
What cause do you feel extremely tied to?
If you were to donate to a charity, which would you donate to?
Have you ever pulled a prank on someone? Tell the group about it.
Who is your least favorite family member?
Have you ever lied on your resume?
What is an instant deal-breaker for you in a new relationship?
Have you ever been in a fight?
When you’re home alone, do you walk around nude?
Where is the worst place you’ve ever thrown up?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever eaten?
Which is worse, physical pain or emotional pain?
What destination is on your travel bucket list?
Describe your dream date.
What word do you hate hearing?
If you could switch bodies with anyone who would you choose?
What’s the worst rumor you’ve ever started or perpetuated about someone?
Have you ever been fired?
Who is the best kisser you’ve ever kissed?
Have you ever met a famous person?
What’s a skill you wish you were better at?
Have you ever had your life flash before your eyes?
Do you ever think there’s an excuse for cheating?
Would you ever consider being in an open relationship?
Have you ever compromised your morals for money?
Have you ever cried by reading a book?
What’s the best book you’ve ever read?
What would be the worst way to die?
What’s your favorite movie ever?
Have you ever broken someone’s heart?
How do you think other people see you?
Who in the group gave you the worst first impression? Describe it.
Have you ever compromised your morals for someone you love?
What legacy do you want to leave behind?
What’s your spirit animal?
Tell us a story about the most scared you’ve ever been.
If you had to get a tattoo, what would it be of?
Do you believe in astrology?
What’s the longest distance you’ve ever run?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
What’s the best lesson for a child to learn?
What’s something you wish you knew as a child that you know now?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever sported?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Have you ever said “I love you” and didn’t actually mean it?
What’s the worst advice you’ve ever taken?
Are you more of an introvert or an extrovert?
How many children do you want to have one day?
Are you competitive?
Do you look at your poop before you flush the toilet?
Have you ever sought revenge?
What’s your least favorite memory?
What’s your favorite holiday, and why?
When’s the last time you internet stalked someone?
What hobby would you love to take up?
What’s your strangest obsession or pastime?
What’s your favorite candy?
Are you afraid of death?
Who has the best butt in the room?
What’s something you hold guilt over in your life?
What’s your biggest turn on?
What’s the biggest change you’ve ever gone through in life?
What’s one of the hardest lessons you had to learn in life?
What was your childhood nickname?
What’s the worst present you’ve ever received?
What’s the best present you’ve ever given?
What’s the most attractive quality someone can have?
What’s your biggest turn-off?
Have you ever had an STI?
Have you ever drank so much you don’t remember the night?
Have you ever thrown up on someone else?
If you had to, what would you get plastic surgery for?
If you had a time machine, to which time period would you go?
Have you ever been hypnotized?
Who did you vote for? Or who would you vote for?
If you had to choose brains or beauty, which would you pick?
What’s the worst gift you’ve ever received?
If your life were made into a movie who would play you?
How many times have you snuck out of the house?
Can you touch your tongue to your nose?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
What was the best day of your life?
Are you in any sports?
Was there any teacher you thought was hot? Which one? Why?
Do you keep a diary or a journal?
Would you ever get on a dating website?
What was the nastiest prank you ever played on someone?
What was your favorite cartoon when you were little?
What was your worst kiss?
Have you ever thrown up in someone’s car?
Would you prefer to be smart or happy, and why?
Have you ever gotten an STD?
When did you learn how to ride a bike?
If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
Have your ever sleep-walked?
Do you sleep naked?
Have you ever broken something and blamed someone else?
Have you ever snuck anyone into the house?
What’s the weirdest thing about you? Are you proud of it?
Who is your favorite Disney character?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
Name something you’ve always wanted, but is too expensive to buy.
If you could be a boy or girl for one day… Would you and why?
What foreign languages would you like to learn?
Would you ever date someone you met online?
What is something you’ve always wanted to try but have been too scared of?
What’s the longest you’ve ever gone without taking a bath?
How flexible are you?
What do you think is your biggest physical flaw?
Have you ever had a crush on your best friend?
Does your best friend call you their best friend?
What is your favorite school subject?
If you had to listen to one genre of music for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever been caught doing something dirty? If so, what did you do?
What is your best talent?
If someone made a movie about your life, what would they call it? Who gets your role?
Who is your best-looking teacher that you have ever had?
Could you go one month without talking to your friends?
Have you ever had a crush on someone that your best friend has dated?
Name a time when you used somebody for your personal gain.
Do you remember the first time you saw a member of the opposite sex (other than your parents) nude? What did you think?
If you could invent anything, what would it be?
If you won the lottery and had to give it away to someone from this group, who would it be and why?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
What TV show are you embarrassed about watching?
What is the best vacation you’ve ever been on?
Are there any rules or social norms that piss you off?
Who in this room is the best kisser?
Do you have a job? If so, what is your favorite thing about it?
If Jurassic Park were real, would you visit it?
What is the most annoying thing that one of your siblings has done?
Do you have a cell phone?
Have you farted in public?
What is your favorite amusement park ride?
Have you ever fallen down the stairs?
Have you tried to forge your parent’s signature?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever said around someone you like?
Do you bite your nails?
What’s your favorite food?
Have you poured a glass of milk on a plant?
What do you dislike most in a friend?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
Have you ever stepped in dog poop?
Have you ever broken something and blamed someone else?
Have you licked your plate clean before?
Can you be alone in a dark room?
Are you any good at mopping?
Do you sneak snacks when your Mom isn’t looking?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you touched a cow before?
Do you ignore your parents?
Who is your best friend?
What makes you relax?
Have you ever given food to a homeless individual?
What do you like to do when you are alone?
Who would you want to be for a day?
Which Harry Potter character would you like to be and why?
Have you been camping in your backyard?
Do you still enjoy Blues Clues?
What makes you bored out of your mind?
What is your least favorite movie?
Have you fed your vegetables to the dog?
What are the birthdays of your family members?
Have you watched a horror movie alone?
Have you ever refused a cookie?
When is the last time you sincerely apologized?
Have you ever watched a movie or TV show that you know you’re not allowed?
Have you ever watched Blues Clues?
Do you have a crush on anyone?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve worn to school?
How much do you think your dad weighs?
Do you sneak snacks when nobody’s looking?
Who do you want to be when you grow up?
What is the most annoying sound?
How do you cheat on a chore?
Have you ever tattled?
When did you last floss your teeth?
If you get hold of a time machine, ‘when’ would you like to go?
Which are the funniest words you know?
What was your most embarrassing farting moment?
What is the last lie you told?
When was the last time you cleaned up your room?
Have you ever broken something in the house and blamed a sibling?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen?
When was the last time you laughed?
Who is your funniest friend, and why?
Which cartoon characters does the player to your right look like?
Have you ever snooped to find what you were getting for Christmas?
What is your weirdest talent?
What is the funniest thing that ever happened at school?
What is your favorite joke?
What is the funniest thing the family pet has ever done?
Have you ever played a prank on someone?
What is the clumsiest thing you have ever done?
What is something you would never admit to anyone?
What is the weirdest thing about your family?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
What is the one food you couldn’t live without?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
Which book would you take on a deserted island?
If you could travel in time, which decade would you want to visit?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
What are you most afraid of?
Do you have a nickname?
What is your favorite song to sing along to?
What is the one food you couldn’t live without?
Which country would you like to visit?
What is the best surprise you ever got?
If you were a superhero, which powers would you want to have?
Which animal is most like you?
What is your favorite outfit to wear?
What is the subject you like the most at school?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
What annoys you the most?
If you won a million dollars, what is the first thing you would buy?
What is your favorite store to shop at?
If you could change one thing about your past, what would it be?
If you had three wishes, what would they be?
What is your favorite color?
Do you have a favorite animal?
What makes you happy?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your dream job?
What would you say to your stuffed animals if they could understand you?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What is your favorite memory?
Who is your favorite teacher?
What is your favorite storybook?
If you could become a cartoon character, who would it be?
Which rule would you change if you were in charge at home?
What is a skill that you would like to learn?
What does your dream home look like?
If you started a band, what would you name it?
What is your favorite video game?
What is the one thing you couldn’t live without?
What is your favorite vacation spot?
When was the last time you forgot something?
What is your least favorite thing to do?
Who is your silliest friend?
What is the silliest thing you have ever done?
What is the silliest rule we have at home?
If you could misbehave without consequences, what would you do?
What is the most useless thing you know?
What is the ugliest item of clothing you own?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
Have you ever worn clothes that didn’t match?
What is the worst haircut you ever got?
What is the silliest thing that you regret?
What is the worst thing that you’ve ever done?
What is your least favorite food?
What is the worst joke you have ever heard?
What is your signature dance move?
What is a question that you refuse to answer?
Would you rather be late or early?
What is a movie title that describes your life?
Do you think ghosts are real?